Q: Do spray workers currently wear badges?
A: No, they don't have badges.
Follow-Up: Do you have badges that show that you're with the government when you go spray a house?
A: No, nothing to show that. No badges.

Q: How many sprayers?
A: 10

Q: Does each sprayer have only one foreman that they report to?
A: Only 2 foremen. One sprayer can report to two different foreman.

Q: Each village 2 foreman at once at most?
A: Correct

Q: How often use both K-O and DDT on same house?
A: Not on same house. We use one chemical per homestead. DDT if all houses are unpainted, K-O otherwise. So if there are both unpainted and painted houses, use K-O

Q: GPS accuracy, how often is it low?
A: Generally less than 20 meters. Very very few instances where it is off by like 5000 meters. But in general, very good.

Q: Fikele, how often do they use mSpray from a vehicle?
A: Never use it on the vehicle
Follow-Up: I think what Daniel was asking, sometimes the spray worker or foreman... do they ever complete mSpray on the cell phone, as they are driving to the next home?
A: No. They do it on the homestead.

Q: How long do the phones usually last right now? How long does it take for the battery to die?
A: 8 o clock start... lasts up to.. half past 2.
Follow-Up: What time do you finish work?
A: To half past 2.
Follow-Up 2: So it doesn't run out of batteries?
A: it depends how long they charge it
Follow-Up 3: So how often run out of batteries? like once a week, once a month, etc
A: Once a week
Follow-Up 4: So when this happens, youy can't finish the sprayings since the battery will run dead
A: Yes
Follow-Up 5: If the battery lasts longer, would the workers work more? or work the same
A: They would; normally hours is half past 7, to half past 2.
Lesliam: I think what she's saying, is it lasts through the entire work day
(perhaps we misunderstood the answer to this last question)

Q: So sprayers do the SP1 form, and the foreman do the SP2 form?
A: Yes, SP1 form - sprayer, SP2 form - foreman, SP3 form - i dont know

Q: When they fill out the SP1 form, what do they do with it?
A: Gives it to the foreman, foreman gives it to team leader

Q: How would sprayers feel if it could automatically fill it out?
A: Last time I asked them if they used mSpray instead of SP1? They said, ahhh too difficult. It will take time to enter the number of something..

Q: How easy would it be for each sprayer and foreman to get a badge? To show they work for the medicine spraying?
A: Probably not for Fikele to answer, hahahaha. For Philip to know.

Q: Do the Foreman ask sprayer how much is sprayed, or do they go in after them & look for themselves and count for themselves?
A: Sometimes they ask them, sometimes they go in. They may ask the sprayer and then they check the SP1.

Q: Fikele, do you have an SP1 form with you?
A: Nope
Follow-Up: Is Jonathan there? (he can get the forms)
A: Jonathan will be there on Wednesday, he can get a form and look at it
